Modifications to Technical Overview Docs (#4070)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/reference/technical-overview.md

- A single-user notebook server instance is [spawned](./spawners.md) for the
  logged-in user
- When the single-user notebook server starts, the proxy is notified to forward
  requests made to `/user/[username]/*`, to the single-user notebook server.
- A [cookie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie) is set on `/hub/`, containing an encrypted token. (Prior to version
  0.8, a cookie for `/user/[username]` was used too.)
- The browser is redirected to `/user/[username]`, and the request is handled by
  the single-user notebook server.

How does the single-user server identify the user with the Hub via OAuth?

- On request, the single-user server checks a cookie

> - If no cookie is set, it redirects to the Hub for verification via OAuth

Reviewer: Maybe a good idea to minimize pronouns when there are so many things being talked about: 

```suggestion
- If no cookie is set, the single-user server redirects to the Hub for verification via OAuth
```

Even though it's redundant with the previous bullet, in this particular doc I think it's good to minimize possible sources of "Wait, what is 'it' here?"

By default, starting JupyterHub will write two files to disk in the current
working directory:

> - `jupyterhub.sqlite` is the SQLite database containing all of the states of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `jupyterhub.sqlite` is the SQLite database containing all of the state of the
```

Usually we call the 'state' of an application a single thing.
